Update teleport-operator docs with resource naming restrictions (#35276)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/management/dynamic-resources/teleport-operator.mdx

  roles: ['myrole']
```

<Admonition type="note">

>    Kubernetes enforces all custom resource names to follow RFC 1123 which includes specifications for hostnames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Kubernetes validates all custom resource names to follow RFC 1123, which includes specifications for hostnames.
```

>    This requires the metadata.name of Teleport resources controlled by the operator consist of lowercase alphanumeric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This requires the `metadata.name` field of Teleport resources controlled by the operator to consist of lowercase alphanumeric
```

>    characters, '-' or '.', and must start and end with an alphanumeric character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   characters, `-` or `.`, and to start and end with an alphanumeric character.
```

In order to resolve this issue, remove any Teleport Kubernetes Operator sidecars connecting to the shared backend that are not in the same
Kubernetes cluster or namespace.  Then redeploy the Auth Server pods.  When the operator starts, it deletes the cached information and recreates all required resources.

### Teleport resource name is invalid with the Operator

> Kubernetes enforces all custom resource names to follow RFC 1123 which includes specifications for hostnames.  If attempting to create a resource using the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes validates all custom resource names to follow RFC 1123, which includes specifications for hostnames. If attempting to create a resource using the 
```

operator with an invalid name, you will observe an error message similar to:

```text
The TeleportRole "my_role" is invalid: metadata.name: Invalid value: "my_role": a lowercase RFC 1123 subdomain
must consist of lower case alphanumeric characters, '-' or '.', and must start and end with an alphanumeric character
(e.g. 'example.com', regex used for validation is '[a-z0-9]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?(\.[a-z0-9]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?)*')
```

You will have to update the Teleport resource name to match the RFC 1123 requirements to resolve this issue.

> The metadata.name of Teleport resources controlled by the operator must consist of lowercase alphanumeric
> characters, '-' or '.', and must start and end with an alphanumeric character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metadata.name` of Teleport resources controlled by the operator must consist of lowercase alphanumeric
characters, `-` or `.`, and must start and end with an alphanumeric character.
```
